Improve quests docs and add new fields (`asset`, `approximate_count`, `reward_redemption_instructions_by_platform`) (#209)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/quests.mdx

| reward_name                                | string         | The name of the quest's reward                                         |
| reward_name_with_article                   | string         | The article variant of the reward name (e.g. "the Alien Cybernetics")  |
| reward_redemption_instructions_by_platform | ?array[string] | An array of instructions for redeeming the quest's reward per-platform |
| game_title                                 | string         | The title of the game the quest is for                                 |
| game_publisher                             | string         | The publisher of the game the quest is for                             |

###### Quest Rewards Config Structure

Represents an object that holds rewards for the quest (e.g collectibles)

| Field             | Type                                                  | Description                                                                                             |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | assignment_method | integer                                               | [An enum that determines which method gets used to asisgn the rewards](#quest-reward-assignment-method) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| assignment_method | integer                                               | [An enum that determines which method gets used to assign the rewards](#quest-reward-assignment-method) |
```

Author: omg 😭

| rewards           | array[[quest reward](#quest-reward-structure) object] | Which rewards the user receives upon completing the quest                                               |

###### Quest Reward Structure

| Field                 | Type                                                             | Description                                                 |
| --------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| sku_id                | snowflake                                                        | The reward's ID                                             |
| tag                   | integer                                                          | The [reward's type](#quest-reward-type)                     |
| messages              | [quest reward messages](#quest-reward-messages-structure) object | Human-readable metadata for the reward                      |

> | asset                 | ?string                                                          | The reward's media asset                                    |
> | approximate_count ^1^ | ?integer                                                         | An approximate count of how many users can claim the reward |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| asset?                 | string                                                          | The reward's media asset                                    |
| approximate_count? ^1^ | integer                                                         | An approximate count of how many users can claim the reward |
```
These fields are optional but not nullable, therefore the `?` goes next to the field name (see [this](https://docs.discord.sex/reference#example-nullable-and-optional-fields)).
If they were always present but sometimes set to `null` then it would be written like you did, but in this case it's the opposite.

> ^1^ If the amount of users who claimed the wards exceeds this count, then all future claimers will be assigned the tier 1 reward, aka, the reward that is usually located below the reward with a specified `approximate_count`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
^1^ If the amount of users who claimed the awards exceeds this count, then all future claimers will be assigned the tier 1 reward, aka, the reward that is usually located below the reward with a specified `approximate_count`.
```

Represents an object that holds rewards for the quest (e.g collectibles)

| Field             | Type                                                  | Description                                                                                             |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | assignment_method | integer                                               | [An enum that determines which method gets used to assign the rewards](#quest-reward-assignment-method) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| assignment_method | integer                                               | [How the rewards are assigned](#quest-reward-assignment-method) |
```

| rewards           | array[[quest reward](#quest-reward-structure) object] | Which rewards the user receives upon completing the quest                                               |

###### Quest Reward Structure

| Field                  | Type                                                             | Description                                                 |
| ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |

> | sku_id                 | snowflake                                                        | The reward's ID                                             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| sku_id                 | snowflake                                                        | The ID of the SKU awarded                                            |
```

| ?approximate_count ^1^ | integer                                                          | An approximate count of how many users can claim the reward |

^1^ If the amount of users who claimed the awards exceeds this count, then all future claimers will be assigned the tier 1 reward, aka, the reward that is usually located below the reward with a specified `approximate_count`.

###### Quest Reward Messages Structure

Specifies human-readable metadata for a [quest's reward](#quest-object).

| Field                                       | Type          | Description                                                            |
| ------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| name                                        | string        | The reward's name                                                      |
| name_with_article                           | string        | The article variant of the name (ex. a Cybernetic Headgear Decoration) |

> | ?reward_redemption_instructions_by_platform | array[string] | The instrutions on redeeming the reward per-platform                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| reward_redemption_instructions_by_platform? | array[string] | The instrutions on redeeming the reward per-platform                   |
```

Reviewer 2: question mark at the end :p

| user_id                   | snowflake          | The user's ID                                                                                                                                                       |
| quest_id                  | snowflake          | The ID of the quest                                                                                                                                                 |
| enrolled_at               | ISO8601 timestamp  | When the user accepted the quest                                                                                                                                    |
| completed_at              | ?ISO8601 timestamp | When the user completed the quest                                                                                                                                   |
| claimed_at                | ?ISO8601 timestamp | When the user claimed the quest's reward                                                                                                                            |

> | claimed_tier              | ?integer           | Which reward tier the user has claimed, if the quest's [`assignment_method`](#quest-rewards-config-structure) is set to [`TIERED`](#quest-reward-assignment-method) |

Reviewer: Since this was changed here, shouldn't it also be changed under Quest Reward Code Structure?

| Field      | Type              | Description                                                                                                   |
| ---------- | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | quest_id   | snowflake         | The quest's ID                                                                                                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| quest_id   | snowflake         | The ID of the quest                                                                                           |
```
This is preferred
